we have something special for you
tonight as Twitter users know tweeting
is a great way for famous people to
connect with their fans but it's also a
great way for fans to say terrible
things to those people without getting
punched in the face when you send an
insulting tweet to a celebrity a lot of
the time they read them and it can hurt
so to help put a face on this unsavory
activity we asked some famous people to
read some of the harshest things that
have been tweeted about them and this is
our fourth edition now of mean tweets
I just saw Jessica Alba if this was 2007
I'd be really excited
[Music]
kate mara is on the list of people who I
don't understand why anyone likes hey
Zach Braff I could take a picture of a
piece of in my toilet and it would be a
better movie than Garden State
I've never seen the fuss with Russell
Brand he's a hairy non funny Brad
Paisley in his country singing face
Kelly Ripa is kind of amazing when you
think about how hard it must be to
balance that huge head on a tiny body
whenever someone tells me that I look
like an Andy Samberg they're basically
saying guess how big your nose is very
big you're no doubt the only thing in
doubt is whether your music makes me
want to puke or kill myself and then
puke sincerely everyone I can't figure
out if Elizabeth Moss is attractive or
not does this help you figure it out I
already know when I get pregnant I'm
gonna pull a Jessica Simpson and gain
598 pounds Kid Rock looks like he would
smell like stale farts and cigarettes
more like fresh farts and cigars
how you look anorexic and fat all at
once
hashtag weird it's a good thing Ray
Romano was funny because his face looks
like a dump I took today you know I'm
not on Twitter so I can't respond to to
golf guy 127 here's what you should do
go to my website and join go to the
bottom of the page just keep hating
agree agree agree and when you get to
you hit accept
1:27
[Music]
[Applause]